remove custom-metadata.md; canonical path is vdbs + notebooks (#2195)
NVIDIA/nv-ingest: docs/docs/extraction/notebooks/index.md

- [Quickstart: retriever CLI](../../reference/retriever-cli-quickstart.md)
- [Workflow: Ingest documents](../workflow-document-ingestion.md)

> - [Metadata filtering: add sidecar metadata and filter searches](https://github.com/NVIDIA/NeMo-Retriever/blob/main/examples/nemo_retriever_retriever_query_metadata_filter.ipynb) — also summarized on [Vector databases — Metadata and filtering](../vdbs.md#metadata-and-filtering)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Adding Custom Metadata for Filtered Search/Retrieval](https://github.com/NVIDIA/NeMo-Retriever/blob/main/examples/nemo_retriever_retriever_query_metadata_filter.ipynb) — also summarized on [Vector databases — Metadata and filtering](../vdbs.md#metadata-and-filtering)
```

- [Quickstart: retriever CLI](../../reference/retriever-cli-quickstart.md)
- [Workflow: Ingest documents](../workflow-document-ingestion.md)

> - [How to add metadata to your documents and filter searches](https://github.com/NVIDIA/NeMo-Retriever/blob/main/examples/metadata_and_filtered_search.ipynb)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Adding Custom Metadata & Filtered Search](https://github.com/NVIDIA/NeMo-Retriever/blob/main/examples/metadata_and_filtered_search.ipynb)
```

Reviewer: might be a good chance to make sure the style is consistent. I'm not sure whether there's rules about capitalization

Author: 9ad03fd36f3b6982020c20567820e52de70347d7

> - [How to add metadata to your documents and filter searches](https://github.com/NVIDIA/NeMo-Retriever/blob/main/examples/metadata_and_filtered_search.ipynb)

Reviewer: https://github.com/NVIDIA/NeMo-Retriever/blob/main/examples/metadata_and_filtered_search.ipynb is an invalid link?

Author: fixed in 9ad03fd3; file no longer references that notebook. Use Files changed (not the old comment diff) to review current content.

> - [How to reindex a collection](https://github.com/NVIDIA/NeMo-Retriever/blob/main/examples/reindex_example.ipynb)

Reviewer 2: You sure this is valid? I dont see this file, nor should it exist.

Author: Agreed — removed in 0c8878e2. `examples/reindex_example.ipynb` was deleted on main in #2163 and #2226 had already dropped this link from `notebooks/index.md`; re-adding it was a merge artifact from an older branch state.

> - [Metadata filtering: add sidecar metadata and filter searches](https://github.com/NVIDIA/NeMo-Retriever/blob/main/examples/nemo_retriever_retriever_query_metadata_filter.ipynb)

Reviewer: this seems like a dupe of the above? are they intended to be different?

Author: they weren’t meant to stay as dupes. The middle link was a legacy notebook name that doesn’t exist on main. Fixed in 9ad03fd3: one entry for nemo_retriever_retriever_query_metadata_filter.ipynb plus a cross-link to vdbs.md#metadata-and-filtering.

Author: they weren’t meant to stay as dupes. The middle link was a legacy notebook name that doesn’t exist on main. Fixed in 9ad03fd3: one entry for nemo_retriever_retriever_query_metadata_filter.ipynb plus a cross-link to vdbs.md#metadata-and-filtering.
